# Project Reflections
  
Date: 2022-04-12

Members present:

* Tyler Schickel
* Eli Nutter

## Tyler Schickel
This project has become a sort of passion project of mine. At first, the tools seemed new and overwhelming. Developing a front page seemed like a huge task, but as I spent more time researching and developing the project, it became more interesting, and I wanted to see how much further we could develop the project. My first was developing a beta page. It had a simple image and some buttons that went no where. Then came the task of develop a page for the user to access after a simple button press. Next was implementing the Cinemagoer tool. I was able to get basic information access and displayed on the webpages we were building, but after some group help, we were able to get everything we needed shown. Next we had to access all the different elements of the list generated by Cinemagoer and display them on the webpages. I then spent time updating our UI and code to be able to find movie by genres. This part took a few dozen hours to find all the different genres, implement a new button for each genre, and then testing each button to ensure the correct information was displayed. Unit testing was a blockage for our group for some time, but I was able to develop a set of tests that was able to prove that the method I produced correctly finds movies by genre. The downside was the unit tests proved that our code was currently slow. Cinemagoer accesses a lot of information at once, and this has become an obstacle in optimization of our code. The final goal was to customize our UI so it was easier to read and add a little flair.

Overall, the final product feels far from finished. We had hoped to add CSS to our project to smooth out the rough edges, but time and manpower became a constraint. I plan to fork this project and work on it on my spare time to keep expanding on my knowledge of python, flask, HTML, and CSS. The goal would be to cycle through the top 50 of each genre of movie, and one day cycle through any movie in the IMDB database. Finally, it was originally planned to display where to currently stream each movie, but that has become a project for the future. The product works, and it works well with what we have. It's just a start for what could one day be a much larger product.

## Eli Nutter
I have never done a group project like this before. This was my first time using git, GitHub, and even the agile process. Despite the challenges this semester, I feel like I learned a lot. 

I had never spun up a web server in python before, so that was a learning process. Although, I had worked with HTTP requests. This wasn't really needed though, as our other classmate (who have to withdraw, unfortunately) found a module to do all that for us: Cinemagoer. 

Never having been in one of Sexton's classes before, I was not used to checking his website for assignments. This lead to a communication issue where our project lead scrambled to get work done before the due date of the first sprint. I still feel bad about that, but we've since been able to improve the team communication.

Initially we tried to split the tasks between the three members on these subjects, HTTP requests, UI, and testing. I had no interest in UI, and I had some experience with HTTP requests, so I took up testing about half-way through the project.

I had originally tried to use Behave to build out our unit tests. However, despite how much time I spent on the documentation, I had trouble wrapping my head around how to actually implement it. I got the basics going in a separate branch, but time constraints required me to get some help from teammates, and we implemented a basic unit test instead.

Most of my code that made it into the project was around optimization. Early on we had problems getting the right movie data from Cinemagoer. So, I created a wrapper (MovieClass) that talked to Cinemagoer for us, making the main part of the code much easier to use.

Later on, when we implemented specific genres, we had some major performance issues. Long story short, we had to update the MovieClass to pull the top 50 movies from any specific genre, instead of sorting it on the fly. I thought we'd need to add that functionality into Cinemagoer manually, but it turns out there was an undocumented function that did just what we wanted.

All in all, I feel like this was a pretty successful project. None of us are UI programmers, so it may not look super slick, but it is functional, fast, and every bug we found so far has been fixed. I think it's been a positive learning experience.